Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[ocean waves crashing]
[moaning]
[moans]
[woman] What are you doing here?
What's wrong?
Why aren't you sleeping in your room?
[boy gasps]
I was practicing how to swim.
I meant dive. not swim.
Okay. Dive all you want. Ja-in.
Just let me sleep.
Everything outside's a swimming pool now!
-So can we go swimming. Mom? Please?
-[groans]
-Let's go swimming!
-Why do you always want to go swimming?
And I told you
not to wear those goggles at home.
They make your face look ugly.
I wanna swim outside. not here.
I'm telling you.
There's a real swimming pool outside now.
Come on!
Can't you just skip work this time?
-[mother] Ja-in. get up.
-[whines]
You can't ditch kindergarten.
and I can't ditch work.
[whines] No. let me just do one more dive.
We can do it together. okay?
Please? Please?
[sighs] You dive. and I'll count. okay?
[Ja-in] Count to 30 for me. okay?
[mother moans]
[mother] All right.
One.
Two.
[yawns] Three.
Four.
Five.
Six.
Seven.
[Ja-in breathing heavily]
-You know you can't breathe while diving.
-[Ja-in. nasally] I wasn't breathing.
I've been holding my breath
this whole time.
-Hurry up and keep counting.
-[sighs]
Eight.
Nine.
[thunder rumbling]
Huh?
[groans]
[thunder rumbling]
[mother] Ja-in. remember
to take your medicine after breakfast.
Don't forget. because Mommy might.
Mom. can I borrow that screen thingy
you use for work so I can draw something?
Why do you always wanna draw on that. hmm?
What about your sketchbooks?
'Cause you never look at it
when I draw in my sketchbook.
What do you mean by that?
It's on the bed. You can go get it.
-[Ja-in] Mom! Mom!
-Yeah?
[Ja-in] The password thingy
isn't popping up.
[mother] Again? Oh! [grunts]
-Hey!
-[phone ringing]
[woman] It's raining so much.
What are you going to do?
What do you mean?
I'll just take the day off.
How about you? Raining a lot there too?
[sighs] My goodness. it's pouring.
Grandma! I miss you!
-Move over there.
-How are you?
-Can you come visit us again?
-Ja-in!
…I brought you last time
so you can make some soup.
[groans]
[mother] I didn't even know we had this.
Miyeokguk sounds good.
Make sure it's moist when you stir-fry it.
And stop eating out so much.
It's not real food.
and you need to take care of yourself.
You think you're fine now.
but you'll get sick when you're older.
Mom. that's why
I'm making breakfast right now.
I'll drop by
with fresh ingredients next week.
So don't skip meals.
and eat properly. all right?
[sighs] My goodness.
When I see the things you eat…
-I should move in--
-I heard you. I have another call.
Gotta hang up.
I'll talk to you later. okay?
All right. Oh. by the way. An-na--
[An-na sighs]
[water rushing]
Shin Ja-in.
is the water running in the bathroom?
I don't think so.
I didn't go to the bathroom.
Okay.
Mom. I just drew this for you.
What is it?
[Ja-in] Mommy and me.
[tuts]
Ja-in.
If you're gonna draw me.
can you at least make me look nice?
What do you mean?
You've got other colors
like red and green. right?
-Don't just use black. What the…
-[water sloshes]
[ominous music playing]
[ocean waves crashing]
[breathing nervously]
[announcement tone plays]
Mom. our house really has turned
into a swimming pool!
[woman] This is an announcement
from management.
[An-na] Can you keep quiet?
Due to the record-breaking heavy rain.
buildings 101 through 107
have flooded up to the second floor.
and buildings 108 through 110
have flooded up to the third floor.
-Residents on the affected floors…
-Mom. let's swim together!
-Can we swim at home?
-Ja-in. wait a minute!
Why? Why? I wanna play right now.
You promised we were going to play.
so why can't we?
-Shin Ja-in! I said be quiet!
-Elevators have been temporarily disabled.
Please evacuate immediately.
[Ja-in] Come on!
We were supposed to swim together!
-I wanna swim!
-Shin Ja-in. why aren't you listening?
…record-breaking rainfall…
Didn't Mommy tell you
not to wear these inside the house?
Stay right here.
or you're not getting them back again!
[announcement continues indistinctly]
[breathing nervously]
[uneasy music playing]
[phone ringing]
Hello?
This is Son Hee-jo from
Darwin Center's Personnel Security Team.
Are you the manager of
the Emotion Engine Development Team 3?
-Is your home flooding?
-Yes.
I'm coming to pick you up. Dr. Gu.
I'm almost at your apartment.
-My apartment?
-The third floor will be flooded soon.
Evacuate to the upper floors
as soon as possible.
If you're packing now. just leave.
Don't be scared.
Just come up the stairs with Ja-in.
and I'll fi--
Hello?
[tense music playing]
SHIN JA-IN (JULY. WEEK 2)
[An-na] Ja-in!
Ja-in!
We need to leave right now!
Hurry up and get out here. okay?
[panting]
Ja-in. Let's go. We gotta go now!
Ja-in. Mommy's sorry.
I was just a bit upset earlier.
I'm not mad at you though.
Hey. want me to give you a ride?
[distant siren wailing]
[music intensifies]
[An-na grunting. panting]
[woman 1] Hurry up. honey!
Don't cry. We have to hurry.
-Hello.
-Hi there.
-[man 1 grunts]
-Excuse me. Can we pass through?
[woman 1] How can we take all that
and the kids?
[man 1] It's fine. We should hurry.
[woman 1] Gyun-a. stop crying.
We need to hurry.
Come on! Hurry up! Let's go!
[man 2] Ji-a. it's dangerous.
so keep holding Daddy's hand.
-[An-na] Excuse me.
-[man 2] I told you to stay put!
-[man 3] How did the water get up here?
-[man 2] Ji-a!
-[An-na] Sir. can I…
[man 4] Honey. just check on the kids.
I'm gonna go figure it out.
[man 5] Why is no one moving?
[man 6] Seriously. stop pushing!
[An-na] Excuse me.
Why is no one moving?
Huh? I'm not really sure.
-Someone got stuck or something like that.
-He collapsed.
[woman 2] Believe in our Lord Jesus
so you and your family will be saved.
[man 7] Just go already!
[An-na] So sorry. Coming through.
Please. Lord. Only you can deliver us
from this terrible fate.
[An-na panting]
[residents clamoring]
[man 8] Auntie. open the door already!
[woman 1] Min-jun. hurry! Go!
[boy crying]
[man 9] Someone help us!
[residents screaming. clamoring]
[tense ethereal music playing]
[thunder rumbling]
PRESENT DAY. SEOUL
[footsteps splashing]
[An-na grunts]
[An-na panting]
Are you scared. Ja-in?
[Ja-in] I thought it was just water.
but it looks like we can't swim in it.
How about we sing a song together?
We were gonna… gonna play together
regardless. right?
All day long?
[Ja-in] Regardless?
What does "regardless" mean?
"Regardless" is a word that means…
Mom! Look over there!
-Help!
-Someone help!
-Somebody help us!
[An-na gasps]
[in Korean] ♪ Along the Milky Way
In the blue sky ♪
♪ A little white boat drifting by ♪
[both] ♪ With a single laurel tree ♪
♪ There sits one tiny hare ♪
♪ No mast upon the boat ♪
♪ No paddle to keep it afloat ♪
♪ Yet still it drifts on ♪
[in English] Huh?
[An-na] Ja-in.
Just wait here a sec.
Where are you going?
Not going anywhere.
I'm just gonna take a look.
[thunder rumbling]
[breathing nervously]
[tense music sting]
[man 1] Look. we're from room 407!
Could we just use your bathroom. please?
[indistinct chattering]
-It's for the kids! Please open up!
-[woman 1] Is there anyone in there?
Please. we need some water
to make baby formula!
[man 2] Just let me through already.
Um. if anyone needs to use the bathroom
or get some water. feel free to come in.
-[woman 2] Thank you.
-[woman 3] Thank you.
-Excuse me.
-[Hee-jo] Ms. Gu!
-[woman 4] It's okay. This way.
-[Hee-jo] Ms. Gu. where are you? Ms. Gu!
Oh! Over here! I'm over here!
[man 3] Hey. man. we gotta keep going up.
Ja-in. let's go.
[man 4] Come on. stop pushing.
-Ja-in.
-[man 4] We're all stuck here.
[man 5] Coming through.
Sorry. Coming through.
-Excuse me. Sorry.
-Of course.
[residents clamoring]
Ja-in?
Excuse me.
Shin Ja-in!
[rumbling]
[tense ethereal music playing]
An-na. are you okay?
[gasps]
-[music swells]
-[residents scream]
[ethereal music playing]
[water burbling]
[tense ethereal music playing]
[gasps]
[inhales sharply]
[somber ethereal music continues]
[An-na grunting]
[grunting continues]
[door handle thumping]
[music fades]
[hopeful ethereal music playing]
[music intensifies]
[music stops]
[gasping. coughing]
-[An-na] Ja-in.
-Pass him to me!
[Hee-jo grunting]
-[An-na grunts]
-[Hee-jo] He's not breathing.
[An-na breathing nervously]
[An-na whimpers]
[Ja-in coughs]
-Ja-in. Ja-in!
-[Ja-in sobs]
Mommy!
-[Ja-in crying]
-[An-na sobs happily]
It's okay. It's all right.
Thank you so much. Thank you so much.
I'm Son Hee-jo. Personnel Security Team 1.
Let me record this.
[Ja-in crying]
[Hee-jo] July 7th. 7:55 a.m.
Confirmed the survival of
Research Lead Gu An-na and the child.
We're moving now.
All set. Let's go.
-Hey. come on.
-[An-na] Uh…
-[sobbing] Mommy. Mommy!
-Uh. let me carry him.
I can carry him.
-[Hee-jo] There's more stairs. you know?
-Yeah. it's okay.
[An-na] Come on. Get on my back.
Shin Ja-in. are you doing okay?
You feel better?
[Ja-in] I thought Mommy left me
and went to that house all by yourself.
Where would I go without you?
[Ja-in] But then.
lots of water started coming in. and
that scared me. and I started thinking
about what happened last time.
Mom. you remember back when…
back when our car fell into the water.
and then Dad…
Ja-in.
You wanna sing again like before?
[Ja-in] I don't wanna. I'm too sad.
I don't really feel like
singing right now.
[An-na] All right. Get some rest. then.
We're heading to the rooftop.
Company helicopter is on the way.
First time riding one?
The water tasted salty.
Is it supposed to taste like that?
An asteroid hit Antarctica
around three hours ago.
It melted all the ice
and caused the seawater to rise north.
Half of Japan has been submerged already.
and this whole 30-floor apartment
will be underwater soon.
An asteroid hit?
Wait. how could they not see it coming?
They did.
They just didn't say anything about it.
They couldn't stop it. Humanity is doomed.
Wait. wait. wait a minute. Wait a…
[sighs]
Does that mean…
that mean we're all gonna die?
[sighs]
All these years.
you thought you were just working
at an AI development lab. right?
Not quite.
It's up to you
to create a whole new mankind.
What? How… how could I--
There are only two researchers
who've developed the Emotion Engine for AI
in the entire world.
And our first choice
went missing this morning.
That's right. your boss.
Chief Researcher Im Hyeon-mo.
She and the child she was raising
got swept away.
We presumed she didn't make it.
so… you're the next choice.
Once the chopper gets you to the shelter.
they'll tell you what to do.
Uh. wait. Hold on a sec. Hold on.
What is it?
I… I actually don't know
all that much about it.
We built the Emotion Engine together.
but it was just for testing.
And. uh. without Chief Im.
I'm afraid I'd--
So then what? Cancel the chopper?
The rest of the teams
have completed their research.
They've built human-like bodies with
intelligence and the ability to reproduce.
The only thing left is the Emotion Engine.
Do you understand?
You're all we've got now.
[breathing shakily]
[Ja-in] Mom?
Yeah?
[Ja-in] I need to go poo-poo.
[An-na] Uh. hold on.
Did you poop just now?
No. but I need to go
'cause I can't hold it anymore.
Ah. I didn't see that coming.
Can he hold it? We don't have much time.
[An-na panting]
Ja-in. we don't have extra pants for you.
You're gonna have to hold it in. okay?
[thunder rumbling]
[An-na panting]
Hurry up. There are no extra pants.
[An-na] Ja-in. not yet. okay?
Ja-in. Hey. Ja-in.
Not yet.
Hold it. Just a sec.
[phone line ringing]
-[clears throat]
-[ringing continues]
[sighs]
Hey. it's me. We're proceeding all right.
No. not yet. Kid had to poop.
Why would I tell her that?
I mean. she's following along.
[door opens]
[door closes]
Okay. We'll get going right away.
[disconnect tone]
The kid?
He can finish on his own.
He can wear these. You should change too.
They don't belong to anyone now.
[thunder rumbling]
[Hee-jo] So. this Emotion Engine.
it has human emotions in it?
Like feelings and stuff?
Yeah.
So it's basically a person. then?
I don't get why you'd give it
human emotions though.
We know what those are like.
If it's a new type of human.
it doesn't need that stuff. [chuckles]
What's wrong with emotion?
[pensive music playing]
Boarding the helicopter won't be too easy.
People up there will be begging
and fighting to get on.
Everyone will be too busy
to care about their families.
And the funny thing is.
you'll be pushing past all of them. too.
doing what it takes to get on.
There's nothing wrong with that though.
That's just how human emotions work.
Can I…
Can I use your phone?
[An-na's mother] If anything happens.
call me right away.
I can't believe I said
the third floor was fine
when you were apartment hunting.
[An-na] Don't say that.
It's a relief to hear
that you evacuated. Mom.
Careful. okay?
-[water sloshing]
-[distant scream]
An-na. it's still flooding over here.
Listen carefully.
From this point on.
your father and I don't matter.
Ja-in is all you've got.
Remember that. okay?
[voice breaking] Mom.
What do you mean?
[poignant music playing]
The rain's gonna stop soon. all right?
Don't worry.
You gotta come by next week with the food.
An-na.
Thank you for everything.
I…
I love you so much.
[An-na whimpers]
[distant screaming continues]
Mom?
Me too.
[water rushing]
[disconnect tone]
[sniffles]
[Hee-jo] Are you done with the call?
That was nice to see.
talking to your mother.
It was touching.
That's just how human emotions work.
Not that you'd care about it.
Yeah. I don't have anyone to call. so…
Let's go. Water's reached the tenth floor.
[loud bang]
[rattling]
[unsettling music playing]
[rattling continues]
[loud bang]
[gas hissing]
We need to get out!
[coughs] Ja-in.
[tense music playing]
Let's go.
-[An-na gasps. grunts]
-[glass shattering]
[breathing nervously]
Come on.
[An-na gasps]
[An-na coughs]
Put these on first.
-[Ja-in groans]
-[An-na coughs]
Come on. Don't get scared now.
Let's go. Hand me the kid.
[Hee-jo grunting]
-Mom.
-Huh?
The fire's really hot.
I know. Ja-in. It's okay.
We're going up now.
You have to hold on tight. okay?
[An-na grunts]
[tense music continues]
[breathing nervously]
[An-na grunting]
-[Hee-jo] That's it. Push him up.
-Ja-in!
Ja-in. you're gonna go
up there first. all right?
[Ja-in whimpers] No. I don't want to!
-No! No! Mommy!
-Mommy will be right up.
-You go first. okay?
-Mommy! I'm scared! I don't want to!
-Ja-in. it'll just be a moment.
-[cries] No! I don't wanna!
-[An-na] Ja-in!
-Mommy!
Mommy. I don't want to.
Mommy! Mommy. please!
Mommy!
[water burbling]
[ethereal music playing]
[thud echoes]
[music fades]
[gasping]
[Hee-jo] An-na!
-An-na. are you all right?
-[Ja-in] Mom!
-Yes!
-[Ja-in] Mommy!
Mommy!
No! It's okay
'cause Mommy's not going anywhere!
-Mom! Mommy!
-[An-na] It's okay!
-I'll get up there soon!
-[Ja-in] Don't leave me!
Just wait there for a second!
[uneasy music playing]
[panting]
[grunts. groans]
[grunts]
[groans]
[child sobbing in distance]
[child sobbing continues]
[child] Mommy…
[child crying]
[An-na] Hello?
Is someone in there?
[child crying continues]
[child] Yes. Can you please open the door?
[An-na] What's your name?
I'm Lee Ji-su.
[Ji-su bangs on door]
Ji-su. I'll open it for you.
I'll be right back.
Just wait a little. okay?
[whimpers]
[man 1] Ugh.
Fuck this fucking rain! Goddammit.
[man 2] How much
do you think this watch is worth?
[man 1] Quit wasting time. We gotta
finish looting before the rain stops.
[man 2] Relax! You could kill someone
and nobody'd find out.
[An-na] Ji-su!
[labored breathing]
Ji-su!
[grunting]
I'm here. Ji-su.
The door. Ji-su!
[water rushing]
[An-na yelps]
[water burbling]
[melancholy music playing]
[thud echoes]
[melancholy music continues]
[gasps. coughs]
[music fades]
[sobs]
[Hee-jo] An-na! Where are you?
An-na!
I'll be right there!
Is Ja-in safe?
[footsteps approaching rapidly]
You better get up here.
[Ja-in gasping for air]
Ja-in. it's Mommy. Mommy's here.
Does it hurt? Huh?
[Hee-jo] Hey. You got his medicine. right?
Give it to him.
Uh. I think I lost it.
Mom. it hurts a lot.
[Ja-in breathing heavily]
Shit. I can't believe this.
[exhales]
Mommy. Mommy. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom…
-[An-na] Ja-in.
-[phone beeps]
-Mommy.
-You'll be okay.
-Where you going?
-I'll go find it.
How are you gonna do that?
Let's figure this out on the chopper.
Ms. Gu. Ms. Gu!
Just restore his data to the backup
from when he woke up this morning!
You know you can!
You've got all the data to recreate him.
We've gotta go now!
-[sobs] He's gonna die!
-[Ja-in] Mom! Mom!
Ja-in. just hang in there. okay?
[tense music playing]
[An-na panting]
-[man] Who are you?
-[An-na] I'm so sorry. Excuse me.
Ja-in. hold on.
[An-na breathing heavily]
I. uh. I'm sorry. It's urgent.
[man] Uh. what are you looking for?
[An-na panting]
Ja-in.
Ja-in. stay with me. okay?
Drink this. Ja-in. Come on.
-[Hee-jo] I'll hold him.
-Keep your hands off! Don't you dare!
Here. Ja-in.
Ja-in. open your eyes. Please?
Drink this.
You gotta drink if you wanna dive
and play with Mommy.
Come on.
Ja-in. Ja-in. Ja…
[children chattering]
-[woman] So you wanna give up Ja-in.
-[child 1] Is this me?
Because of your husband's death?
[solemn music playing]
Technically. Ja-in and I only met
because of work.
I don't think I'm cut out to be a mom.
No one's ever cut out to be a mom.
Emotion Engine has been completed.
Even the Center acknowledged it.
We no longer need
to raise the kids ourselves.
In a few months.
the Center will come to collect Ja-in.
And my Yu-jin too.
[children chattering]
[woman] Maybe we shouldn't have
created them in the first place.
When will that be?
[Ja-in] Mommy.
Mom.
Oh.
Ja-in. Mom's right here.
[music fades]
I peed.
Sorry. Mom.
Good job.
It's nice and warm.
Are you okay now?
[Ja-in] Mm-hmm.
Hey. Mom. can you hug me?
You know.
I got pretty sick because of water.
but I was still so happy.
I got to spend all day with you today
'cause of the water. you know.
-[soothing music playing]
-[birds chirping]
[residents chattering]
[man 1] We're gonna be okay. I'm okay.
[door slides open]
I thought it only stopped for a sec.
but now the sun's out.
[music fades]
You wanna wash the rag. use this.
The water's not running.
[water splashing]
Is it over. or…
[Hee-jo sighs]
I'm wondering what all that panic
and hassle was for.
Ja-in is okay. right?
The head of security called this morning.
The plans had unexpectedly changed
to get you instead.
There's a shelter at the layover point.
We'll be getting off there.
But I heard you're going
to the final destination on your own.
Ja-in can't go since they want him back.
I didn't mention this to you earlier.
did I?
Maybe… you thought I wouldn't come?
I voted you'd come with us.
[solemn music playing]
I have zero interest
in this whole new humanity stuff.
I was just curious to see
what you'd do with Ja-in despite it all.
I mean. given everything.
I figured you'd leave.
Why would you wanna see me leave?
[sighs]
When I was Ja-in's age.
my supposed mother did that.
She cried more than I did.
Said she'd return.
She never did.
Kids carry stuff like that for life.
So I thought seeing you abandon him
might make me feel better about my past.
"Ah. I wasn't the only victim."
"There are more people like her."
"This is just what humans do."
I wanted to see that
on the day the world came to an end.
Some people find comfort
in stuff like that.
[Hee-jo scoffs]
[rumbling]
[residents clamoring]
[deep rumbling]
Shit. Better go now. Let's go.
[An-na] Ja-in.
-Mom.
-[Hee-jo] Come on!
Mom. Mom! Mom! Mom…
Sorry about this.
Thank you for everything.
Aah! Open up.
[rumbling intensifies]
[Hee-jo breathing heavily]
[grunts]
-[Hee-jo] An-na. are you all right?
-Mom. Mom! Mom!
-Mom!
-Let's go.
-It's okay. I'll carry him.
-[whimpers]
Mom! Mom!
[Hee-jo] There. Let's go.
[woman screaming in pain]
[screaming continues]
[man] Wait. please help us!
[woman whimpers]
I don't know what to do.
-Hey. it's okay. It's okay.
-[groans in pain]
Please help. Please!
Come on! We gotta go now.
[woman groans in pain]
I'm really sorry.
[woman groaning]
Mom. why does that lady feel sick?
[An-na] Uh…
She's not sick.
She's having a baby.
[Ja-in] What about you. Mom?
Did it hurt for you too?
[pensive music playing]
Ja-in.
Can you come down for a minute? Hmm?
[Ja-in sobs]
Ja-in. Mommy's getting tired.
[music fades]
[An-na sobs]
[footsteps approaching]
One more to go. You ready?
-Come on.
-[grunts]
We're almost there! Come on!
Why do I have to leave him behind?
Can't I… Why can't I just take him with?
-Listen. An-na. that's not how this works.
-You said I was going alone. but…
How can I leave him like this?
[Ja-in] Mom.
[An-na] Ja-in.
I'm sorry. Mommy's not angry.
Let's calm down and figure this out.
I also find this whole situation strange.
With the chief researcher
and her kid gone.
Ja-in is the only one left alive now.
That means they'd need him more than ever
to get anything done. right?
There must've been some kind of mistake.
Believe me.
[helicopter whirring overhead]
[ethereal music playing]
[sighs]
[Hee-jo] "July 7th. 8:27 a.m."
"The Darwin Center
will now deliver the following statement
ahead of the rescue operation
for lead researcher Gu An-na
of Emotion Engine Development Team 3."
"First. The unofficial
research institution
under the UN known as the Darwin Center
is committed to doing everything possible
to prevent human extinction."
"Second. Lead researcher Gu An-na
has been appointed
as one of the 49 special task researchers
and will be immediately dispatched
to the temporary lab
to complete development
of the Emotion Engine."
"Third. Lead researcher Gu An-na
will cooperate with all measures necessary
to fulfill the two
aforementioned objectives."
That's everything.
Handing over the appointee.
Okay. Good job.
Dr. Gu. effective immediately.
we're retrieving all data
related to Newman-77 of the Darwin Center.
[solemn music playing]
[no audible dialogue]
What's going on?
Tell them to take those off now!
You said I could go with him!
Uncuff him!
You know. Chief Im Hyeon-mo?
She didn't actually drown.
She ran away with her daughter.
Said she'd rather die
than abandon her own child.
What about you though?
You wanted to give yours up.
You knew this was going to happen
from the get-go. didn't you?
[crying]
This is what humans are really like.
There's no point fighting over it.
Better say goodbye to him.
[sobs]
[man 1] We gotta go. Just get it out.
-[power tool whirs]
-Wait. hold on.
[screams] Are you people insane?
[screams]
Take your hands off him!
I'll kill every last one of you!
[shrieking] I'll kill you all!
[An-na screaming]
Please wait!
Wait! Wait! Please. wait!
[sobs]
Please spare him.
You can't kill Ja-in. You can't.
I promise I'll complete
the Emotion Engine. so please.
[crying] Please.
[man 2] Dr. Gu.
Ja-In turned out wonderfully.
We need him.
If we wanna build another Emotion Engine.
he'll be crucial to the process.
You were the one who said that.
[sobs] Please.
Please. I'm begging you.
Please don't hurt him.
Please.
Take him to the temporary shelter.
Just let me take him
to the temporary shelter at least.
At least that far.
[man 2] Did you really think
there's any shelter after all this?
[gunshot]
[solemn music continues]
[music subsides]
[man 2] Dr. Gu.
[melancholy music playing]
All of us
are supposed to die here.
You're the only one going.
[melancholy music continues]
[An-na] Ja-in.
[power tool whirring]
[pilot] We need your personal items
for security.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[pilot] Experimental subject data
retrieval completed.
En route to the launch pad.
[music fades]
[poignant string music playing]
[man] Hello. Dr. Gu. I'm Lee Hwi-so.
the director of Isabela Lab.
I'll re-brief you on the mission since
you've joined us on such short notice.
In 15 minutes.
tens of thousands of meteor fragments
will hit our planet.
Upon doing so.
most life forms on Earth will go extinct.
The Darwin Center launched seven rockets
from sites around the world this morning
in our best attempt
to prevent human extinction.
And now.
we are the last remnants of mankind.
[thud]
[Hwi-so] One moment. please.
[Hwi-so] Now.
humanity must evolve on its own.
We must survive
the aftermath of the Great Flood
by using the knowledge
and technology we have.
We are aiming to preserve
the smallest unit of humanity.
but our team's immediate objective
is to produce a mother and her child.
We can create human-like bodies
at the Isabela Lab
we're currently heading towards.
but only you can complete the development
of the Emotion Engine
and give them human emotions.
Now. let me tell you
about your mission. Dr. Gu.
We completed the child.
So you want me to make the mother now?
How do you plan on doing it?
[stirring piano music playing]
[An-na] I'll set the mother
as the subject of the experiment
and make the child disappear.
The subject will face
obstacle after obstacle
while she searches for the child.
If she fails. she'll have to start over
from the beginning.
After countless repetitions.
if the subject successfully reunites
with the child--
[Hwi-so] And what if she fails?
Then humanity will face
complete extinction.
[ship rattling]
Dr. Gu?
[woman 1] This is Beagle 6.
Debris of the asteroids hit our engine.
Likely leaking oxidizer.
Can you report
the status from your visual?
[alarm beeping]
[tense music playing]
[music fades]
[water sloshing]
[moans]
[Ja-in] Mom. wake up!
Our house turned into a swimming pool!
[Ja-in laughing]
Ja-in.
[Ja-in continues laughing]
Ja-in. what is this?
What happened to our house?
[Ja-in] The water came in
while you were sleeping.
and it kept coming in!
-[electronic music playing]
-[phone ringing]
-[An-na] Hello?
-[Hee-jo] Are you Gu An-na?
Manager of the Darwin Center's
Emotion Engine Development Team 3?
Yes. who is this?
I'm Son Hee-jo
from Personnel Security Team 1.
I'll be brief
since this is an urgent situation.
-How flooded is your home right now?
-Right now? The water's…
[Ja-in] Mom! Mom!
Listen carefully.
You need to evacuate immediately.
-I'm almost at your apartment now.
-I drew this thing that I saw in my dream.
-Wanna see it?
-Evacuate to an upper floor.
Ja-in. hold on a minute.
Mom. I sent my drawing to your phone.
Come on. Please. Mom!
Do you hear me. Mom?
Why aren't you looking at my drawing?
Ja-in. Mommy's on the phone right now!
Dr. Gu? Are you unable to talk?
No. it's all right. Go on.
Get to the upper floors ASAP.
And make sure to bring Ja-in with you.
In a few months.
the Center will come to collect Ja-in.
And my Yu-jin too.
They're the Center's
most important assets.
So just raise him until then.
When's that supposed to be?
[sighs]
[Hee-jo] Hello? Are you listening. Dr. Gu?
The Center will be collecting Ja-in today.
[tense electronic music playing]
Shin Ja-in. get up right now. Come on.
[Ja-in] But you won't even look at
what I drew this morning.
You never let me do anything I want.
Never ever.
Shin Ja-in. look at Mommy right now.
You have to listen to Mommy. okay?
No drawings or swimming today.
-What about diving?
-No diving either.
You have to stay
by Mommy's side. all right?
If a stranger asks you to come with.
you don't follow. Is that understood?
And if you listen to Mommy today.
Mommy will go swimming and diving with you
next time. all right?
Say something!
Mommy's lying.
What?
Why am I still six years old?
How come I was six yesterday?
And the day before yesterday too?
And the day before the day
before yesterday too?
What are you saying right now?
Just get on my back.
[tense electronic music continues]
Enough! Stop crying!
-Stop crying!
-[man 1] Hey! Get going! Move. move!
[An-na] Excuse me. coming through.
[woman 1] Mommy told you to stop crying!
You understand now! It's plain to see!
It's just as I foretold.
All of this is part of God's plan.
And we must offer a sacrifice
to be forgiven for our sins. Amen!
[all] Amen!
[tense electronic music continues]
[residents clamoring]
[man 2] Go! Hurry up!
-Push!
-[man 3] What are you doing? Move!
-[man 4] Move!
-[man 3] Keep moving!
[all clamoring]
[man 5] What are you doing up there?
-[man 4] Go!
-[man 5] Back off!
[man 3] Let's go! Come on!
[all clamoring]
[Hee-jo] Ms. Gu!
Ms. Gu. are you here?
Ms. Gu!
[panting]
[tense electronic music continues]
[dramatic music playing]
[music subsides]
[suspenseful rhythmic music playing]
[gasping]
[residents clamoring]
Ja-in.
Climb up here.
[grunting]
[music fades]
[tense music playing]
Where are you?
Shin Ja-in!
[screaming]
[frightened clamoring]
-[woman 6] Over here!
-[An-na] Ja-in.
[woman 7] Help! Someone help me!
[gasping]
[woman 8] Help me!
[gasps]
Ja-in!
[woman 9] Help!
[helicopter whirring overhead]
[tense music swells]
[music fades]
[Hee-jo breathing heavily]
-[An-na coughs]
-[Hee-jo] Are you all right?
-God. you scared me.
-[coughs]
We spoke on the phone.
I'm Son Hee-jo from the security team.
I need to record this.
[camera beeps]
July 7th. 7:55.
Lead researcher Gu An-na has survived.
but Newman-77 is unaccounted--
Hey. This way.
Chopper's landing on the roof.
My child fell in the water.
Wait a second.
I know where he went. Look.
Caught my eye from how strange it was.
I saw you in that hallway.
Was about to come over.
But I saw a kid going upstairs alone.
That's him. right?
Ja-in!
Shin Ja-in!
[Hee-jo] What do you think happened?
You think someone could have taken him?
I saw him going up by himself
with my own two eyes.
My son would never leave my side.
Ja-in!
[tense music playing]
[An-na] Shin Ja-in!
[Hee-jo] An-na.
We're out of time.
-We have to go.
-Let go.
Look. I'm telling you. we'll find the kid
and bring him to the roof. all right?
[An-na grunts. pants]
Where is my child?
Hand that over.
I won't ask twice.
Where is my child?
An-na. we're gonna die.
Let's just go up first. okay?
What did you do to him?
What do you mean?
I've never even met the kid!
[music fades]
[Hee-jo] Why would I show you the photo
if we were the ones who took him?
But we have to try and find him quickly.
[grunting]
Take my hand. Just take it already!
You asked them to take the kid before.
Then why the change of heart?
If you lay a finger on my boy.
I'll murder you.
What?
[An-na grunts]
[tense music playing]
[Hee-jo] An-na! An-na!
[Ja-in] Mommy! Mommy!
Don't go!
-Mommy! Mommy!
-[gasps]
[Ja-in] Don't leave me!
An-na! Shit.
Just stay right there! I'm coming!
[tense music continues]
[child crying]
[child continues crying]
Is someone in there?
[child] Yes. I'm stuck in here.
Is your name Ji-su?
[child] Yes. How did you know?
[Ji-su crying]
Oh. Ji-su.
Just give me a minute.
I'll get the door open.
[Ji-su] You can just go.
Some guys tried to open it earlier.
but they couldn't.
[An-na] Ji-su. I can open it.
Give me a sec.
[tense music continues]
[Ji-su sobs] Yes. I'm stuck in here.
Ji-su. just give me a minute.
I'll be right back. I will get you out!
Hang in there!
[tense music continues]
[breathing heavily]
[man 1] Fuck this.
[tapping]
[ethereal music playing]
[gasps]
[both gasping]
[music fades]
We'll just have to put these on for now.
We can return them later.
Everyone must have evacuated to the roof.
Your grandpa will be there too.
so don't worry too much. Hmm?
But wait. How did you know that?
That I was on my way to my grandpa's?
Ji-su.
I'm looking for my kid.
He went missing earlier.
Be careful.
[sighs]
Ji-su.
I don't even know why I'm saying
this to you right now. but
once I go out of here.
I'm going to die shortly after.
There's a six-year-old boy.
about this tall. named Shin Ja-in.
If you ever see that boy.
please tell him that his mom
is looking for him. okay?
When I was trapped in the elevator.
I heard something.
It sounded like… some people were
asking a kid some questions.
[uneasy music playing]
They asked him where his mom was.
which unit he lived in.
and if he knew his door's code.
What else?
Ji-su. what else can you tell me?
What kind of people do you think they are?
I was pretty sure they were dragging
something on the floor.
[distant scraping]
[scraping continues]
[metallic clanking]
Thank you. Ji-su. I've gotta go.
Please be careful.
[man 1] Damn it!
[man 2] Ah. damn! [grunting]
-[thud]
-[man 3 groans in pain]
[blows land]
-[man 2] Fuck!
-[man 3 groans in pain]
-[man 1] Shit.
[uneasy music continues]
[moans]
[gasping]
[gasps]
-[man 2] Damn it.
-[man 1] Just use this.
[whimpers. gasps]
[man 2 grunts]
[man 3 groans]
[man 2] You want a hundred beatings?
[man 1] Hey. that's enough. Let's go.
[man 2] No. get off!
Fuck. I'm fucking pissed.
Why the hell did you have to be here?
Now you've turned us into criminals!
I mean. fuck!
Why did you leave the door open
if you were home
and get us all excited like that?
[man 1] Who are you?
[man 2] Man. what is it?
[man 3 groaning]
Excuse me. sir.
Sir. are you all right?
Why don't you just mind your own business?
Just get going. all right?
[man 3 groans]
Hey. what the fuck is going on out here?
My son.
What did you do to my son?
[tense music playing]
[both chuckle]
Hey. let's just go.
All right.
[Hee-jo] An-na!
An-na. did you find the kid?
Over here! Please hurry! These people--
-[man 1] Sh!
-[man 2] Lock the door!
[muffled grunting]
[man 2] Shit!
[man 1 grunts]
[muffled grunting]
-[man 2] Fuck!
-[man 1] Shit!
[grunting]
[man 1] Shit.
[An-na grunting]
[man 1 grunts]
[man 1] Shit.
-Hey. come here!
-[both grunt]
[An-na panting]
[man 2 grunts]
[An-na grunting]
[Hee-jo] An-na!
An-na!
[man 2 yells]
-[Hee-jo] An-na!
-[man 2] Oh shit!
-[music intensifies]
-[Hee-jo banging on door]
[man 2] Why won't you die?
[man 2 straining]
[music swells]
[man 2 grunts in pain]
Ow! Shit! [groans in pain]
[grunting]
[man 1] Ah shit! What the hell?
Fucking bitch!
Get your shit together. man.
Get up. you!
-Come here!
-[An-na screaming]
-Shit!
-[An-na yelps]
[whimpers. breathing heavily]
[door keypad beeping]
[unlock chime plays]
[tense dramatic music playing]
-[music stops]
-[man 2 yells]
[man 1 yells. whimpers]
My arm. my arm. my arm! [screams]
-[Hee-jo] You saw your buddy just now.
-[screams]
Can't float in water with a broken arm.
[man 1] This is not what it looks like.
The kid was alone.
so we were having a little fun.
[grunts in pain]
He said he lived on the third floor.
so we let him go. That's all I know.
-Really.
-Yeah. it seems that way.
-[bones crack]
-[screaming in pain]
[man 1 whimpers. screams]
[water splashes]
Crazy kids. Hanging out.
breaking into empty units.
God knows where they came from.
[sighs]
Looks like your boy
really disappeared on his own.
Do you have any idea
where he might've gone?
I'm not sure.
He never does stuff like this.
Why would he--
I see. Well. you were
threatening to kill me earlier.
but you don't even know why
your boy is missing.
-[An-na] Ja-in. open your eyes. Please?
-[solemn music playing]
Drink this.
You gotta drink if you wanna dive
and play with Mommy.
Come on.
Ja-in. Ja-in. Ja…
[solemn music continues]
Ji-su.
I'm going to go. Take care.
[Ji-su's grandmother] Uh. t. t. take this.
Here.
Ma'am.
How did you know about this?
Ji-su. I really think
you should come with me right now.
I'm going to be okay.
I'll stay with my grandparents.
I don't wanna leave them.
This place will be underwater soon.
You can't stay here.
But you're the same.
You wouldn't leave Ja-in behind. right?
I'll stay here.
Yes. I can take Gu An-na there myself.
You're sure we'll be able to find the kid
once we get there. right?
Yeah.
Copy that.
And that temporary shelter.
What's the exact location?
Yeah.
Okay. I have to go.
I'll see you later. Yeah.
An-na.
More people from my team
are arriving by boat right now.
They're professionals. Don't worry.
They can search the entire building.
Let's make our way upstairs.
[power tool whirring]
[solemn music continues]
I want to find him first.
He needs his medicine.
[Hee-jo] An-na!
Come on. It makes no difference
if you find him first. right?
I said my team will find him
and bring him up!
Fine. then explain this.
You said he'd never leave your side.
So why'd he disappear?
Be honest. There's a reason.
Didn't you say you didn't feel confident
about keeping Ja-in?
An-na.
You keep going back and forth.
so make up your mind.
It's your last day with him.
and you know that.
[An-na sobs]
That's why.
That's exactly why
you should let me find him.
I haven't been able to find him even once.
There are only a few apartments left open.
Please help me just this once.
I'll take the odd floors.
and you take even.
If you use that staircase.
I'll use this one.
Please. I'm begging.
Why keep asking me for help?
We've never met before.
[scoffs]
Or have we?
[breathes deeply]
[intriguing music playing]
[music fades]
[man 1] I don't know.
We've never seen a kid like that.
I swear--
[gunshots]
[Ja-in] Mom. can I borrow
that screen thingy you use for work
so I can draw something?
Why do you always wanna draw on that. hmm?
What about your sketchbooks?
'Cause you never look at it
when I draw in my sketchbook.
[An-na] What do you mean by that?
[woman screaming in pain]
[screaming continues]
[baby crying]
[tender piano music playing]
-[baby continues crying]
-[woman panting]
[An-na] Here. let me.
[in Korean] ♪ Along the Milky Way
In the blue sky ♪
[crying stops]
♪ A little white boat drifting by ♪
♪ With a single laurel tree ♪
♪ There sits one tiny hare ♪
♪ No mast upon the boat ♪
♪ No paddle to keep it afloat ♪
[sniffles]
[in English] Eun-su!
The water's not too warm.
I hope it's okay.
-All right.
-Our baby is so beautiful.
Yeah. Eun-su.
Lately. I've been
having a dream
about a tsunami hitting us badly.
Right.
I guess it was a lucky dream.
Mom. I drew this thing
that I saw in my dream yesterday.
Wanna see it?
Mom. I drew this thing that I saw
in my dream yesterday. Wanna see it?
Please. Mom. Do you hear me. Mom?
Why aren't you looking at my drawing?
Ja-in. mommy's on the phone right now!
[stirring string music playing]
[An-na breathing shakily]
PHOTOS
[music fades]
[breathing shakily]
[poignant music playing]
[inaudible dialogue]
[Hee-jo] An-na!
An-na!
I found the kid. Hurry over here.
[An-na panting]
Why am I still six years old?
How come I was six yesterday?
And the day before yesterday too?
And the day before the day
before yesterday too?
How long am I gonna stay six years old?
[music intensifies]
[An-na gasps]
[Ja-in] How long am I gonna stay
six years old?
[sighs]
[music fades]
[An-na] Ja-in.
-[gasps. grunts]
-[ominous music playing]
[music fades]
I'll wake you up on the roof
after we find Ja-in.
You should say your goodbyes at least.
[An-na gasps]
There's no point fighting over it.
You're not…
[gasps]
…escaping.
You died on that rooftop.
Don't you remember?
We've met before.
What was that?
An-na. what did you say just now?
[man 1] We'll take care of her.
Please leave.
Move aside. Hey. stop that! I said stop!
[man 1] Please board the chopper.
Team lead's orders.
[tense music playing]
[gasps]
[Hee-jo] Hey!
-[grunting]
-[music intensifies]
-An-na.
-[unzips]
[grunting]
[both grunting]
[Hee-jo groaning]
[Hee-jo] Shoot!
Just shoot!
[Hee-jo groans]
[sighs]
-Good job. An-na.
-[gasps]
An-na. this. um…
This'll hurt a lot.
You'll be fine.
[gasping]
[Hee-jo] Look at me.
You snapping out of it now?
[gasps]
What was that earlier?
You said we've met before?
[sighs]
[pensive music playing]
[Hee-jo] So…
how many times has it happened?
Ever since I left Ja-in
behind the first time.
he's disappeared over and over.
Endlessly.
And this isn't
the first time we've talked.
[breathes deeply]
And I think he knew.
He knew everything.
right from the very beginning.
[Hee-jo] So that's why he disappeared.
Afraid of being abandoned again.
[An-na] At first. I came to this unit
not knowing it was a trap.
Later. I came regardless.
Because from here on out.
I need your help.
-[tense music playing]
-[gunshots]
[An-na] When he's upset
or something's bothering him.
he often hides in the closet.
And now. there's only one unit left.
He must be on the 30th floor.
I'm sure of it.
But the problem is--
Our security team.
[rapid gunfire]
[scoffs] That's right.
I think I remember now.
[An-na] And right now.
they're trying to stop me
from finding Ja-in.
Just like how they did in reality.
[gunshot]
But no matter what I did…
[An-na] I couldn't find him.
[music fades]
[intriguing music playing]
[breathes deeply]
Their forces are everywhere outside.
[rapid gunfire]
Let's go with the same plan as last time.
No. wait.
Follow me.
[both grunt]
Maybe
there's no point in doing this anymore.
Even if I do find him.
what if he doesn't wanna see me?
[man] Target spotted on the 30th floor.
Everyone move in!
[grunting]
Why?
Scared he thinks his mom abandoned him?
If he's disappeared thousands of times.
it's not 'cause he hates you.
He's waiting for you to come find him.
Even though you abandoned him.
he doesn't hate or resent you.
He'll always be waiting for you somewhere.
hoping against hope you'll find him.
That's how I felt.
Go without me. Hurry!
[gunfire continues]
[soaring dramatic string music playing]
[An-na grunting]
[water rushing]
[dramatic string music playing]
I'd really like to see
what you'll do in the end. An-na.
That's the whole reason I came. after all.
[music subsides]
[An-na gasps]
[grunting]
[breathing shakily]
[thunder rumbling]
[An-na sobs]
[sobs]
[An-na] Ja-in.
Mommy's abandoned you before…
[sobs]
…but Mommy kept on forgetting she did.
I didn't know about your drawings. and…
and I didn't know you were hiding here.
[helicopter whirring overhead]
Take care. Ja-in.
Mommy's…
Mommy's sorry for abandoning you again.
The thing is.
Mommy will probably forget it all again.
[sobs]
[poignant piano music playing]
[Ja-in] No. you didn't.
You didn't abandon me.
Because. Mom. you told me to wait for you.
Huh?
[Ja-in] It was a long time ago. but
you told me to wait for you.
You promised you'd be back.
You whispered to me.
[An-na] Ja-in.
Do you see the closet behind Mommy?
Hide in there
when you open your eyes.
Okay?
Mommy will come and find you.
But you wait for me. okay?
[An-na sobs]
[poignant piano music continues]
Dr. Gu. are you all right?
I'll be
the subject.
Send mine along with Ja-in's. okay?
He must be waiting for me.
[device whirring]
[An-na moans]
[Hwi-so] I have informed
the other teams of the plan.
As you requested.
we will extract
both your memories and Ja-in's.
then transmit them to Isabela Lab.
The experiment will be based
on the transmitted memories.
If this experiment succeeds one day.
the new humanity will return to Earth.
[breathing shakily. sobs]
[music fades]
[gunshots]
[tense music playing]
[water rushing]
Ja-in. do you wanna swim
over there with Mommy?
You can go first.
Go. Ja-in.
Mommy will follow you.
[An-na grunting]
[ethereal music playing]
[music fades]
[Hyeon-mo]
I liked your idea at the briefing.
Creating emotions through experience. but…
5 YEARS EARLIER
…that'll take too long.
Let's find another way.
How about we create the baby first?
A real one.
with its own thoughts and emotions.
Five years will be enough.
[ocean waves crashing gently]
[baby crying]
Ja-in. what's wrong. hmm?
Do you need a diaper change?
[crying continues]
Ow. it's hot!
[ocean waves crashing gently]
[baby Ja-in coos]
[An-na] "Ocean."
"Ocean." Shall we say it together?
Ocean. together. yeah?
Repeat after Mommy. "Ocean."
"Ocean."
Oh? Then shall we try this one?
Um! Yum. yummy. Yum. yum. yummy.
Oh. you wanna take it off?
Ah. kimchi. kimchi.
-[baby Ja-in groans]
-You want kimchi?
-Yeah? Ah. yum.
-Mmm.
Baths are great! Yay. we're done!
All done. Ja-in.
[baby Ja-in] Mama.
Ja-in.
Can you try saying that again?
Mama.
[ocean waves crashing]
-Mommy?
-Mama.
Mama.
[ocean waves crashing]
Hi there! So you must be Ja-in.
-Wow!
-[exclaims]
[crying]
[ocean waves crashing continues]
[inaudible dialogue]
-[ocean waves crashing stops]
-[gasps]
Ja-in.
[poignant piano music playing]
Ja-in!
Ja-in.
Do you wanna dive with Mommy?
I'll count to 30.
THE GREAT FLOOD
[ocean waves crashing continues]
[Ja-in] Mom. Mom. wake up!
Mom. wake up!
[ocean waves fade]
[exhales]
[dreamy ethereal music playing]
[Ja-in] Mom. let's dive together again!
Just like we did yesterday!
[An-na] You dive. and I'll count to 30.
[Ja-in] Ready? Go!
[An-na] One.
Two.
Three.
Four.
Five.
Six.
Seven.
Eight.
Nine…
[dramatic ethereal music playing]
[dreamy ethereal music playing]
[music fades]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org